oh hey guys it's Robert from Delaware
longboarding and I'm here to give you
guys a review of the bones super 6 swiss
alright now one key feature about these
bearings is that there are six balls
instead of seven on the average bearing
benefits of this is you can accelerate
faster and you can maintain a higher
speed for a longer period of time and
there's also a longer durability so
basically these bearings they were made
in Sweden so for those of you who don't
like other foreign products not going to
mention any countries in offense but um
yeah so these are made in Sweden so you
know there's a good stuff also that they
cost about 58 dollars um as you can see
there is no back shield it's just that
rubber protector but the front does have
the removable blue shield as you can see
these do not come with spacers so if
you're looking for spacers you want to
take more care of your wheels probably
reduce all the stress on there you can
find them really you can get them in a
skate shop you can get them off a retail
store it's nothing really big and
expensive it's like three dollars I
think so you got those the performance
of these are really good they're gonna
last a nice long time the lubrication
isn't that good but uh like right out of
the box it's about 27 seconds and when
you break them in it can get pretty high
they come lubed with the bone swiss
speed cream so you can know that these
things are gonna have some seriously
good speed so yeah these are all around
great bearings good for speed and so if
you go into a race with someone you'll
probably win unless they have like
ceramic bearings like bone swiss but
yeah these things they'll give you the
speed you want as long as you got the
muscle to provide it so thanks for
watching check out some of our other
videos see you later